atmosphere crackling with my name.

Charged particles dancing in the flame.

I'm the solar wind that strips you bare.
Magnetic  fields tangled in my hair.
Can you  feel  the radiation burn?
Cosmic  rays at every turn. I'm unable 
to talk decaying slow radio
active under my eyes and breaking at the  seams.
Electrons escaping  from my dreams.
All the time corrosive burning bright I'm a chain
reaction in the night out

and tearing through the Yeah.





Plasma state. No solid form remains.
Aurora dancing through my veins.

My breaking at the sea
 electron escaping from my dream
all the time  burning bright. I'm the same reaction in the night.

Now I'm tearing through the skin.



 

  

tearing through the skin.



Ground yourself before you touch my core.
I'm  a storm that leaves you more.
Volcanic

I've been walking on a rim of molten thought.
Every footstep on this bassel  I have saw.

You're the lava carving pathways through the  stone.

The eruption I have always known.

Black  rising 
rising open  ancient crust. Every

chain compressing  turns to ash and love. 
Forg me in the cal  of your truth.
Where the pressure  builds cathedrals from  the earth flowing through these channels of  my youth.
I may be a genesis rebirth 
calculating worth



 

I see that is glinting in your heat in your crater.
I am complete. Forge me in  the cal of 
your truth. Where the pressure builds cathedrals 
from the earth flowing through these channels of my youth. I'm 
ignorant.  This is reversed.

Put me in the power of your truth. Where the pressure builds cathedral from the earth 
flowing through these channels of my youth. I'm ignorance. 
I'm Genesis rebirth. Calculating  words.
Calculating words.




Cleansed


I've been waiting for  the del of your arrival.

Every raindrop marks my revival.
You're the mon drowning all my  drought toing washing fear 
and clouds are breaking 
quaking  through the temple walls. 
Every earth is shaking when the thunder

 calls.
Drench me in the downpour of redemption

where the lighting sanctifies 
the ground flooding  through the ruins of perception.

I'm tempressed. I'm blessed. I found the holiest 
sound.
puddles  mirror fragments of the sky.

In your rainfall, I remember why.
me in the downpour of redemption.
Where  the light sacrifice the ground

  
Trench me in the down of redemption with a lighting.  

 

   


ellar


I've been riding on the troll of flare.

Every particle stripping me  of gas.
You're the corona  burning through my shell,
the radiation.  No one else can tell.

Christmas dreaming teing through the void. 

Every photo on  screen

what I've destroyed.  Launch  me on the wings 
and leave the sun behind.

Where the magnet sphere bends and breaks

blazing  through the heop.
I found

I'm corona. I'm  donor of quakes.
Whatever it takes. 


 
   Magazing 
through the  H. I'm corona. 
I'm der of quakes. Whatever  it takes.
  

He

takes Bill King.
akened


I've been mapping  corridors inside my skull.
Every neuron firing beautiful.  You're the thought that 
redesigns  my architecture.

The epiphany, the lecture, actions 
branching, launching  signals through the dark.
Every dried  dancing  with your electric spark.
Rewire me. Where conscious becomes the

where the mind paints worlds we've never

 seen.
Fing through pathways turn  to star.
I'm s I'm collapsed between what I was and what I mean



like comes racing. through my brain 
in your circuitry. I'm  born again.
Rewire me with conscious becomes a canvas. 
Where the mind paints worlds we never see.
Flying through the pathways turning stust. 
I'm still I'm collap between  what I was and what I mean.



Rewire me. Conscious becomes  a canvas.

Where the mind paints worlds we've never seen. 
Firing through these pathways turn  to sardust.
I'm s I'm coll between what I was and what I mean. 
  

  
real


I've been carving echo into per fro every whisper crystallized 
and never lost.
You're  the weaving through my polar night.
The refraction bending cold  to light
is  splitting fitting into geometric 
form. Every face is transmitting

your electric storm shining  like fishes into prismatic chars where the frozen becomes phosphorous 
and crackling face dropping 

star.


Oh, 

heat,   

Shic Where the  frozen becomes phosphor
crackling through these tundra dropping

stars.


 

So
mpiled

yeah,

I've been weaving circuits through your neural path. 
Every synapse  sparking to the mass.
You're the alithm running through my veins. 
the binary  that nothing else explains.
Light streaming  dreaming in your 
cold every bit redeeming what I'm 
interface with me where logic 
becomes  feeling where the  ones and 
zero learn to breathe. Processing 
these truths that need no concealing.

I'm sister. I'm prison. I believe in what we can achieve. 
Protocol  is all into pure intent.
in your network. I'm sending 
me feeling 
where the zero learns 


  
Heat up here.
We're the ones free
processing  the truth that no concealing  our system 
and prison. I believe in what we can achieve.
 

rennial
I've been watching petals fall  like gentle rain.
Every blossom whisper in your name. 
You're the garden growing in my winter chest. 
Springtime I  had never guessed.
Roots are  reaching teaching me to bloom.

Every seed you're preaching breaks through. Cultivate 
this wilderness inside  my ribs  where the thorns transform into something kind.

Harvesting these fruits  that nature gives.
I'm falling. I'm stolen by  wind. Let the growing begin.
Branches  stretching toward your summer light. In your  seasons,
everything feels right. Cultivate this wilderness 
inside my ribs where the thorns transform to something kind.
harvesting these fruits that  nature.




Cultivate  this wilderness inside  my ribs  where the thorns transform

into something kind. 
Harvesting these fruits that  nature gives. I'm pollen. 
I'm stolen by wind. Let the growing begin.
Let the growing  begin.

Begin. 

ifted
I've been splitting at the seams of who I was.
 Every fault line moving just because

you're the tremor shaking foundations loose the upheaval.
 I cannot refuse.
Plates  colliding, sliding total new terrain. 
Every ridge dividing the leaks  is ancient pain.
 Break me open where the crust meets the mantle. Where the mountains rise  when flat.
Shifting through these I can handle. I'm better off. I'm shocked.  I'm crazy.

Heat up here.

Lome meories rolling into sand 
in your seismic waves. I understand.

Break me open where the cross meets
 the mantle. 
Where the mountains rise from what was flat. Shifting through the easy parts  I can handle. I'm better off.
I'm shocked. Don't crack down

into something.


     

Something

inside.



I've been walking on a rim of  molen  thought.
Every footstep on this bassel I have saw.

You're the lava carving pathways through the stone. 

The eruption I have always known.
[singing and music]
My power rising 
rising open ancient crust. Every  chain 
compressing turns to ash and love. 
Forg me in the cure  of your truth.  Where the pressure builds 
cathedrals from the earth flowing through these channels of my youth.

I may be aesthetic.





A city edes glinting in your 
In your crater I am complete. Forge me in the cal 
of your truth. Where the pressure builds cathedrals  from the earth
flowing through these channels of my youth. I'm  ignoring earth.

Genesis rebirth calculating 


me in the power of your truth. Where the pressure builds cathedrals from the earth 
flowing through these channels of my youth.

I'm Genesis rebirth  calculating words.

calculating words.




I've been waiting for the del of your arrival. 
Every raindrop marks my revival.  You're the monsoon.
Drowning all my dr  to washing fear and 
clouds are breaking, quaking  through the temple  walls.
Every earth  is shaking when the thunder  calls.
me in the downpour of redemption 
where the lighting sanctifies  the ground
flooding through of perception.

I'm tempressed. I'm blessed. The holiness 
sound.

puddles  mirror fragments of the sky. In your rainfall, 
I remember why.
Trench me in the downpour of redemption

where the light sifies the ground. 
  

 
Trench me in the down of redemption with a lighting.  

 



   



I've been riding on  the tail of solo  flare.
Every particle stripping me of gas. 
You're the corona burning through my shell,
the radiation.  No one else can tell.
Christmas dreaming, 
teing through the void.

Every photo on  screen what I've destroyed. 

Launch me on the wings and leave the sun behind.

Where the magnet sphere bends and breaks

blazing through  the helio. I found  I'm corona.
I'm donor of quakes. Whatever  it takes.

 
 

Magazine.
I'm  Corona. I'm the owner of quakes.
Whatever  it takes.
Heat up spill king.



I've been mapping  corridors inside my skull.
Every neuron firing beautiful 
You're the thought that redesigns
 my architecture. 
The epiphany,  the lecture,
actions branching, launching   signals through the dark.
Every dried  dancing  with your electric spark.
Rewire me. Where conscious becomes the

mind paint world we  never seen.
Fing through the pathways turn to star.


I'm s I'm collapsed between what I was and what I mean


like comet racing. 
through my brain in your circuitry. 
I'm born again.
Rewire me with conscious becomes a canvas.
Where the mind paints worlds we never see.
Flying through the pathways turning  stust.
I'm collaps between what  I was and what I mean.

Rewire me. Conscious becomes a canvas.

Where the mind paints worlds we've never seen. 
Firing through these pathways turn to stars.
 I'm s I'm between what I was and what I mean.

 







I've been carving echoes into per

every whisper crystaliz  and never lost. You're the aurora 
weaving through my polar night.

The refraction bending cold to light 
is splitting fitting
 into geometric 
form. Every face is transmitted. 
Your electric storm shining like patients into prismatic 
shards where the frozen becomes phosphorous and blue. Crackling through these tundra  dropping guards.
Take them start

of zero.  Ooh,
  


Sh

crackling through these tundra. Dropping cars  star.



 Oh, 


I've been leaving circus through your narrow  path.
Every synapse  sparking to the mass.
You're the alithm running  through my veins.
the binary  that nothing else explains.
Night streaming  dreaming 
in your cold every bit redeeming what I'm 
interface with me where logic 
 becomes feeling where the ones  and zero learn to breathe.
Processing these  truths that need no concealing.
I'm  sister. I'm prison. I believe in what we can achieve.
Protocol  is all into pure intent.
In your network I'm the message  sent
interface with me  when I just become feeling
where  the zero learning

I'm  prison.
 

learn to breathe

through that. No concealing.
I'm system prison. I believe in what we can achieve.
 


I've been watching petals fall like  gentle rain.
Every blossom whisper in your name. 
You're the garden growing in my  winter chest.
Springtime I had never guessed. 
Roots are reaching teaching me  to bloom.
Every seed you're preaching breaks through  the ground.
Cultivate this wilderness 
inside my ribs  where the thorns transform

into something kind.
Harvesting these  fruits that  nature gives.
I'm falling. I'm stolen  by wind. Let the growing begin.

Branches stretching toward your summer light.  In your seasons,
everything feels right.
Cultivate this wilderness inside my  ribs where the thorns transform to something kind.

harvesting these fruits that nature.



Cultivate this wilderness inside  my ribs
where the thorns transform into something kind. 
harvesting these fruits that nature gives. 
I'm pollen. I'm  stolen by wind. Let the growing begin.
 Let the growing begin.

begin.
I've been splitting at the seams  of who I was.
Every fault  line moving just because

you're the tremor shaking foundations loose. The appealing 
I cannot refuse. Plates colliding, 
sliding to the new terrain.

Every dividing release  is ancient pain. Break
me open where the crust meets the mantle. 
Where the mountains ring was flat shifting through these I can handle. I'm better.  I'm shocked.


Lost meories roing into Sand 
in your seismic waves I  understand. 
Break me open  where the cross meets the mantle. 
Where the mountains rise from what was flat. Shifting  through the easy parts I can handle. I'm better. I'm shocked.  I'm cracked.
into something   


  



I'm rock so