Love Metaphors
24Lakoff & Turner (1989) has LOVE IS FIRE and Goatly (2007) has LOVE/ PASSION IS HEAT, by comparison Kövecses (2000) has 20 different metaphors for ‘love’. I found evidence for all of these in COCA fiction but have illustrated those for which there was most evidence. I will also propose some metaphors that are ‘new’ in the sense that they are not referred to in these sources; I have indicated these with an asterisk.

Table 1 ‘Love’ Metaphors

Conceptual Metaphor

Example

n

(frequency)

LOVE IS A UNITY OF PARTS

Larry's pathological jealousy was partly responsible for breaking up the marriage. He's accused Mary Jo of sleeping with every guy in town.

93

LOVE IS HEAT

She walked with unsteady steps to the front door, and her heart melted within her as she saw him standing there.

88

LOVE IS AN ILLNESS

“Maybe we should call a doctor,” he said. “She's heartsick and there's no medicine for that,” Aunt Lucette sighed, “except time. We ought to know that.”

67

LOVE IS WEATHER CONDITION *

She didn't wear a lot of makeup, so it didn't take long. While she was applying it, she mused about her whirlwind romance with Paul. Thanks to his generosity and spontaneity, they'd not only been to Paris, they'd spent weekends in Los Angeles and Caracas as well.

Nora and Mark had dated for a few months a couple of years ago. The only description he could give to their relationship then was stormy.

11

6

LOVE IS A PLANT *

Fortunately for me, her mother didn't have anything against Americans, and so our romance continued to blossom.

7

LOVE IS A FLUID IN A CONTAINER

He pulled her to him and squeezed her as he locked her in his arms, causing her to giggle out loud. He stopped, cupped her face, and kissed her with an overflow of passion.

3

25Expressions such as ‘break up a marriage’ may be considered as entrenched metaphors as it is difficult to find an equally succinct literal equivalent and they are unlikely to involve comparison; others such as ‘heart melted’ and ‘romance to blossom’ can be viewed as conventional metaphors – that is they are familiar metaphors that while they may evoke a comparison also work by categorising an experience: for example ‘heart melted’ is a typical way of categorising an emotional response as affective (see Charteris-Black 2014 171-2 for a discussion of novel, conventional, entrenched metaphor). It was difficult to identify especially novel ways of describing love; even when searching the pattern ‘love is… ’ the collocations were ‘real’ (8), ‘blind’ (7) and ‘hard’ (6). Novel metaphors were more characterised by their infrequency, for example, there was one instance of ‘love is poison’:

“What's wrong with falling in love?” I asked her when she complained. “Love is poison for us,” she replied, and would say no more about it, no matter how many times I asked. (Andrews 2010)

26In the following exchange the expression ‘love is sacred’ is mocked by the interlocuter:

“Who cares? Get married. Get divorced. That's how it goes.”

“That's not the way I think about it,” she said. “That's not how I think at all.”

“What do you think?”

“Love is sacred,” she said.

I had to smile at that. “And that's why you fuck your clients? All those married men, Lola? I know you do.”

“My name is Rachel, you fuck,” she said. “And you don't know one thing.”

“I know you live in my apartment and sleep with me,” I said. “I know you killed this girl.” (Terwilliger)

27Generally, it was difficult to identify novel metaphors for ‘love’, however, the corpus method was helpful in establishing the frequency of entrenched and conventional metaphors and shows how dependent fiction writers are on these. It also provided examples of novel metaphors. It is feasible that other more qualitative methodologies may be required in establishing whether metaphors have literary merit.

Lust Metaphors
28Lakoff & Turner (1989) propose LUST IS HEAT, Goatly does not have a metaphor for lust while Kövecses (2000) has 20 different metaphors for ‘lust’. I have marked with an asterisk two metaphors that seem relatively novel and creative – although they refer to the activity of seduction rather than ‘lust’, but seem closely related. The first of these – SEDUCING IS PLAYING A GAME – was characterised by the frequent use of the sports metaphor ‘first base’ – out of the first 100 instances of ‘first base’ 26 referred to sexual activity; the example offers an explanation of the metaphoric meaning of this sports metaphor.

Table 2 ‘Lust’ Metaphors

SEDUCING IS PLAYING A GAME *

I remember freshman year of high school, sitting on Julie's bed, describing making out with a junior named Owen. Julie was sitting at her desk holding Moe, her stuffed platypus, in her lap. Her eyes suddenly widened. “You mean you went to second base with him?” she asked. I had no idea what Julie was talking about. I had a very sketchy understanding of American sports. Julie, blushing, explained the choreography First base was kissing. Second, up the shirt. Third, down the pants. Fourth was doing it. In fact, Owen and I had “gone” to somewhere between third and fourth base. That is, we'd attempted to “do it,” but Owen, in a pivotal moment, had lost his nerve.

26/ 100

SEDUCING IS FISHING *

“Being here is all in a day's work for me.” // She cocked her head. “What sort of work?” // “I'm a pilot.” // “For one of the big airlines?” // “Nope. For whoever can afford me.” // “Fascinating,” Kennedy said. “I love planes.” // He took the bait exactly the way she'd hoped. “I'd be happy to give you a tour through mine.” // “I'd adore that.” Kennedy set down her champagne glass. “Anything wrong with right now?” // “Not a thing.” // His grin widened, suggesting perhaps she'd been playing into his hands, not the other way around, and a secret thrill shot through her at the challenge.

88

LUST IS HEAT

Her mother, she explained, lived at the beach, where she'd worked in tourism for a decade. She had divorced Astrid's dad because she'd had the hots for some teenager.

47

LUST IS HUNGER/ EATING

They had been together for six years, and he'd found her sexual appetite as voracious as her greed. She'd been his " patient " since her parents had brought her to him for private therapy after a run-in with the law for prostitution. She'd only been seventeen at the time and totally out of control as far as her parents were concerned.

17

LUST IS A VICIOUS ANIMAL

BEN - Yes, I'm brimming with passion. I'm up to here with passion.

LAURA - I want us to be like animals. You know just screaming and sweating and tearing at each other all the time

BEN - The sweating shouldn't be a problem. The tearing sounds painful.

8

LUST IS PRESSURE IN A CONTAINER

Even though everything in my life was about her now. Casual sex exploded into a wrecking passion. I fell in love with a slut as worthless as I was.

8

29Since the concepts in the lower four rows are discussed in Kövecses (2000) I focus here on two novel metaphors that I have identified in which the metaphor target is seduction. Baseball is an especially salient metaphor in American culture and in this sport once a participant has struck the ball he commences to run from base to base in order to attempt to get as far as he can. The metaphor SEDUCING IS PLAYING A GAME triggers a script for sexual activity in which there are a series of stages of intimate bodily contact; it implies purposeful progression so that a seducer will typically seek to get to as many bases as possible – with the implication that the ultimate objective of seduction is full sexual penetration. In baseball there are four bases, if a player can get all around three bases and return to home base before the ball is returned to the home base he has scored a ‘home run’. It frames seducing as a game, and in this sense trivialises the affective involvement of the participants by focussing instead on the physical aspects of their sexual behaviour. Howe (1988) identified the use of sports metaphors in American political discourse, noting their appeal to men in particular and Jansen & Sabo (1994) examined the role of sports metaphors in the first Gulf War. It is possible that these fictional representations of seduction as a game is one way in which young Americans overcome their sexual inhibitions: the ‘seduction as game’ scenario makes something that is potentially fearful and potentially anxiety-ridden – with fears of poor ‘performance’ – seem playful and enjoyable. It also profiles the act of seduction as a competition in which an active victor overcomes or vanquishes a passive victim.

30Another frequent metaphor was the phrase ‘taking the bait’; while the number 88 refers to the total uses of this phrase as a metaphor (i.e. not related to fishing), only some of these described seduction, so the metaphor is one for deception in general, and frames seduction as a specific type of deception. SEDUCING IS FISHING represents a scenario in which the activity of seduction is one that requires a skillful exponent: one who has a plan for a sexual act that is then skillfuly enacted; the metaphorical ‘prey’ is thereby entrapped by the guile and skill of the seducer. By emphasing the guile and skill of the seducer this metaphor scenario avoids any form of moral judgement and in this respect is similar to SEDUCING IS PLAYING A GAME.

Desire metaphors
31Goatly (2007) has DESIRE IS APPETITE and DESIRE IS BENDING ATTRACTION while Kövecses (2000) has DESIRE IS HUNGER. My findings for ‘desire’ metaphors are summarised in table 3. The following discussion will focus on metaphors relating to force.

Table 3 ‘Desire’ metaphors

DESIRE IS FIRE

So he stopped thinking about it and instead allowed that burning desire to see her again flow through him.

60

DESIRE IS A NATURAL FORCE

Just once in her life she wanted to be swept off her feet by the perfect man on the perfect night with perfect love.

53

DESIRE IS INSANITY

“His wife's got to be a lucky woman. We're all crazy about him. Who wouldn't give her eyeteeth for a man like him?” Paul looked at the plump curls under the white cap, at the full lips, so richly red, and the inviting shape under the uniform. Crazy about him. I'll bet you are, he thought.

32

DESIRE IS A PHYSICAL FORCE

And as the words poured from his lips, the other boys faded and she grew, coloring his vision: apricot, silver, brown, and green – the thousand shades of her eyes. Animal magnetism was not something he could control, Quimbly realized. It flowed through him, his force, the girl's.

Her ability to concoct a powerful sexual magnetism from her genetic gifts and these accessories was a large portion of her livelihood.

At the last minute he found he couldn't resist the urge to slap her ass as she slid by him. Her behind, round, high, and plump, jiggled wildly beneath the assault. Tony's mouth began to water.

15

7

6

DESIRE IS AN OPPONENT

Luisa's eyes were now moist as she struggled to keep her feelings under control. Ted knew it was time to leave so she could deal with her emotions in her own private way.

10

DESIRE IS MAGIC

“She dropped our arms, brushed hair from her face. Where do the mistresses of beauty learn their enchanting gestures?”

9

DESIRE IS WAR

“He just doesn't believe that love conquers all,” I said. “He doesn't believe anything conquers anything,” Kirsten said. “He's only interested in the difficulties.”

Rumors about his so-called continued sexual conquests had kept the gossipmongers busy, but he'd tried to ignore them, focusing all his attention on getting the shy Jillian to give him a chance.

4

5

32Fire and heat metaphors were especially prominent in all the three metaphors targets disscussed above: love, lust and desire and therefore warrant a more detailed discussion in order to consider my third research question concerning the motivation of metaphor. Consider the fire and heat metaphors (bold & underlined) in the extract that was introduced at the start of this article:

Blazing a hot trail from her throat, his lips covered her unguarded breasts, and she shivered with exquisite anticipation. She became unaware of her surroundings, oblivious to time and place; she only knew her body was reacting to this man, pleasure radiating outward from some hidden depths within herself. …. When he returned, she was whole again, wanting, needing, wanting to be needed. The feverish heat of his skin seemed to singe her fingers as she traced inquisitive patterns over his arms and back and down over his muscular haunches. (Michaels)

33Here the intensity of the emotional experience is conveyed by heat and fire metaphors. References to heat and temperature in combination with physical force verbs are very common in accounts of intense emotional experience. The collocation ‘passion’ and ‘heat’ occurs 26 times in COCA fiction, for example:

My immediate reaction would be to salivate. My underpants would get wet and an unusual, irregular heat, a passionate heat, would follow. The whole thing, salivation and heat and passion, could occur at the middle of the night. But it also happened at the middle of the day. (Stavans 259)

34Metonymic experience of bodily warmth provides the basis for the metaphoric understanding of affection. Grady (1997 24) describes basic level connections (such as those between warmth and physical proximity) as ‘primary scenes’:

Primary scenes are minimal (temporally-delineated) episodes of subjective experience, characterised by tight correlations between physical circumstances and cognitive response. They are universal elements of human experience, defined by basic cognitive mechanisms and abilities, which relate in some salient sense to goal-oriented interaction with the world. (Grady in Goatly 2007 59)

35Primary scenes therefore invite a link between a physical state and a cognitive response. Grady and Johnson (2002) reject the view that these primary scenes are metonymic whereas Kövecses (2013) argues that “correlation-based metaphors emerge from frame-like mental representations through a metonymic stage”. He explains how this happens as follows:

I proposed this happens when one of the elements of a frame-like mental structure is generalized (schematized) to a concept that lies outside the initial frame in a different part of the conceptual system. The generalization process leads to sufficient conceptual distance between the initial and the new frame on which metaphors can be based. (Kövecses 2013 87)

36I suggest that in these fictional accounts of intense sexual desire the element of bodily warmth arising from physical proximity in the initial frame is generalised, so that heat becomes associated with desire and that metaphors such as ‘passionate heat’ and ‘burning desire’ provide evidence of this process. It is therefore likely that representations such as DESIRE IS FIRE and LUST IS HEAT derive from a metonym HEAT FOR DESIRE when describing intense emotions, and WARMTH FOR AFFECTION when describing less intense ones. The metaphors and metonyms proposed by cognitive linguists seek to provide explicit representations of neural pathways that arise from correlations between two types of experience: in the case of heat metaphors, between an increase in temperature and an emotional response. Fire and heat metaphors weld together the experience of high body temperature with intense sexual desire; Charteris-Black (2017) undertakes a detailed analysis of such metaphors.

37Metaphors draw on temperature and fire when describing desire and lust and the intensity of these passions motivates the fire metaphor. Such metaphors are expressive because they combine metonymic embodied experience of heat with experience of fire to provide a force-based model that relies on embodiment combined with experience of the natural world. As explained in Charteris-Black (2016b) fire is the prototypical natural force influencing human life. Fire metaphors also fit well with the emotion scenario shown in Figure 4, for example when a passion is ‘kindled’ or ignited’ this indicates stage one of the scenario whereas being ‘burnt’ or ‘consumed’ by an emotion indicates the fourth stage.

38Fire metaphors typically serve to express either high or low intensity of sexual desire; the collocation ‘desire’ and ‘burn’ occurs a total of 60 times in COCA fiction for example:

“No. Stay like that,” said Henry. He knelt and kissed her bare shoulders. “You're so beautiful. So very... desirable.” He lifted her face to his and kissed her fully. “I need to possess you utterly.” Anne felt his heart, his soul, his desire burning in his hands, in his lips. She returned the kiss, hungrily, then threw back her head and moaned softly. A fire erupted in her belly and her private place, a dreadful, delicious ache that demanded to be acknowledged, to be tended. (Hirst and Massie 2008)

39Here the embodied nature of the fire is made very explicit with reference to the desire ‘in his hands’ and ‘fire’ erupting ‘in her private place’. Lower intensity is expressed with the use of fire metaphors in other body parts – such as the eyes; the collocation ‘smolder’ and ‘eyes’ occurs 50 times in COCA fiction:

….., and his voice was lower as he spoke, and his eyelids sank down over his suddenly smoldering eyes. She couldn't resist it. It was crazy, but she just couldn't. He had to be teased, despite the dangers. Nobody should take himself that seriously. (Booth 1990)

40A low level of intensity may also be combined with the early stages of the emotion path schema (Figure 2), ‘eyes’ and ‘kindled’ collocate 11 times in COCA fiction:

Her tongue glided over her lower lip. Pure suggestion. His eyes kindled in a hot bronze glow, trapping hers.

She is astride him, hands resting on his chest, rocking... in control, confident... very much liking the fire she's kindled in his eyes.

41Charteris-Black (2016b) proposes that the force dynamic model provides a convincing account of the variation in intensity in fire metaphors. Flamable material can be viewed as an agonist since it has a natural tendency to equilibrium – unless it is ignited. The cause of fire – the spark – can be viewed as the antagonist. The spark can either ignite the material and as a result a fire is kindled, or, if the conditions are such that fire is not possible (for example because the flamable material is damp), then there will be no fire and the material will remain the same state rather than being combusted. When fuel and oxygen are readily available the level of intensity of a fire is high, whereas when these are less available, the level of intensity is lower. Knowledge of the physics of natural fire therefore provides a readily available frame for explaining variations in the intensity of the passions. There are correspondences in ideas of resistance, or inertia, between our experience of emotions and of fire. Expressions such as ‘desire burning’ and ‘smouldering eyes’ imply THE LEVEL OF INTENSITY OF PASSION IS THE LEVEL OF INTENSITY OF A FIRE. Our understanding of the physical behaviour of natural fire provides the basis for this frame. In these expressions the inertia represented by force B is weaker than force A and this offers a way of modelling the intensity of passion as shown in Figure 5:

Fig. 5: Force Dynamic Model for Fictional Fire Metaphors for Passion

Fig. 5: Force Dynamic Model for Fictional Fire Metaphors for Passion
Zoom Original (png, 72k)
42Where force A exceeds force B we have a model for loss of control in which the entity acted upon, the individual, or the flamable material, is overwhelmed or consumed by the intensity of the passion. I will illustrate this situation with a fire metaphor that describes an individual’s emotional state; the expression ‘old flame/s’ occurs 36 times in the fiction section of COCA, as in the following:

Now she understood what he hadn't been able to tell her, that he had met his old flame again, and it was a fire that was consuming his vacant moments and the empty pockets in his life as it had before. There was nothing left over. (Ackerman, Hummingbirds, 2001)

43Here the narrator develops a fire metaphor to describe the emotion that is overwhelming her partner who is passive in resisting its force. By contrast, when force B exceeds force A we have a model for control in which the self/ social situation (or the flammable material) though acted upon, remain unchanged either because of the lower intensity of the passion or because of their greater resistance of inertia.

Conclusion
44I have demonstrated that American fiction is characterised by many metaphors to describe romantic relationships in terms of which component of passion that take as their focus: love, lust or desire. While some metaphors such as SEDUCING IS PLAYING A GAME or SEDUCING IS FISHING seem specifically to describe seduction, others such as LOVE IS HEAT, LUST IS HEAT and DESIRE IS FIRE draw on embodiment and experience of the natural world to describe the full range of the passions, that is: love, lust and desire. I have produced extensive empirical evidence in support of Kövecses’s claim that:

The object affected by the natural force can’t help but undergo the impact of the force; in the same way, a person experiences emotion in a passive and helpless way. This is the single most important property of emotion in the folk theory. (Kövecses 2000 72)

45I have illustrated how this natural force metaphor for emotion applies equally well in providing an account of the motivation of metaphors that describe the all-consuming passions of American fiction.